[MAINTENANCE] small documentation updates (#7606)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/contributing/contributing_setup.md

### Install Python dependencies
### (Easy version of steps 5-7 below for Mac/Linux users)

> Create a virtual environment in your local repo using Python 3.7 - 3.10, activate the environment, and install the necessary dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a virtual environment in your local repository using Python versions 3.7 to 3.10, activate the environment, and then install the necessary dependencies.
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/231239497-c06332bf-c46b-494e-87dd-808d47686af7.png)
